v4.0.1 (#2733)
mui-org/material-ui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 4.0.1

_Sep 29, 2021_

> This version includes bugfixes and features already released in v5.x.

Reviewer: Would it help to frame the message as, v5 is active, and we have cherry-picked what we could from it to the legacy v4 version?

```suggestion
This version backports bug fixes and features from the v5.x active release line.
```

Author: Should we make clear that might not have other v4 releases due to the complexity of cherry-picking?

```suggestion
This version backports bug fixes and some of the features from the v5.x active release line.
As the development of v5 evolves, newer fixes might not be cherry-picked to the legacy version.
To have access to the latest features it is encouraged to upgrade to MUI X v5 and MUI Core v5.
```

---

I created a [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/datagriddemo-material-demo-forked-drz2n?file=/src/demo.js) using MUI Core v4 and v5 and it seems to work fine. The only drawback is having to install both versions, but the benefit of getting new features pays off, I think. We could add a section to the docs explaining how to configure the prefixes.

Reviewer: Yeah, agree, a second about how to use MUI Core v4 would help. I have simplified/improved the codesandbox: https://codesandbox.io/s/datagriddemo-material-demo-forked-8myv0?file=/src/demo.js.

- No more emotion cache provider
- Use createGenerateClassName from the v4 package.

Big thanks to the 3 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

> - 👁 Allow to disable virtualization with the `disableVirtualization` prop (#2728) @m4theushw

Reviewer 2: Do we need this feature in v4?

Reviewer: I would personally encourage we make this one the last of the v4 release line. Unless there is a major issue: Chrome regression, Node.js regression, webpack regression, etc. Basically, use the policy we had for Core v4 when we were working on Core v5. There are 1-2 years of inertia with open source. v4 keep growing during all the time we were working on v5, while we were almost not making any changes.

Reviewer 3: If MUI X v5 + MUI Core v4 is viable (= if users do not find major issues that we would have missed, like weird style collision) I am 100% in favor of this.

Author: > Do we need this feature in v4?

An user asked for it and it was simple to cherry-pick: https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/issues/1902#issuecomment-912017532
